Adding access mode info in storage classes (#837)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/adding-cluster-storage-to-your-data-science-project.adoc

The *Add cluster storage* dialog opens.
. In the *Name* field, enter a unique name for the cluster storage.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the cluster storage.
. From the *Storage class* list, select the type of cluster storage.
+
NOTE: You cannot change the storage class after you add the cluster storage to the project.
. For storage classes that support multiple access modes, select an *Access mode* to define how the volume can be accessed. For more information, see __About storage classes__. 
+
Only the access modes that have been enabled for the storage class by your cluster and {productname-short} administrators are visible.
+
* `ReadWriteOnce (RWO)`: (Default) The storage can be attached to a single workbench at a given time.
* `ReadWriteMany (RWX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches simultaneously.
* `ReadOnlyMany (ROX)`: The storage can be attached to many workbenches as read-only.

> * `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node as read-write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP)`: The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node in read-write mode.
```

The *Add cluster storage* dialog opens.
. In the *Name* field, enter a unique name for the cluster storage.
. Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the cluster storage.
. From the *Storage class* list, select the type of cluster storage.
+
NOTE: You cannot change the storage class after you add the cluster storage to the project.
. For storage classes that support multiple access modes, select an *Access mode* to define how the storage can be used. For more information, see __About storage classes__. 
+

> The available access modes depend on what your cluster and {productname-short} administrators have enabled for the storage class:

Reviewer 2: Change line 37 to:
`Only the access modes that have been enabled for the storage class by your cluster and {productname-short} administrators are visible.`

. Optional: From the *Storage class* list, select the type of cluster storage.
+
NOTE: You cannot change the storage class after you add the cluster storage to the project.
. Optional: From the admin enabled access modes, select the type of *Access mode*.
* ReadWriteOnce (RWO): Selected by default. The storage can be attached to a single workbench at a given time.
* ReadWriteMany (RWX): The storage can be attached to many workbenches simultaneously.
* ReadOnlyMany (ROX): The storage can be attached to many workbenches as read-only.
* ReadWriteOncePod (RWOP): The storage can be attached to a single pod on a single node as read-write.
+
NOTE: Only the access modes enabled by the admin will be visible.

> 

Author: Thanks Amy! I have a question: Should I just paste `__About storage classes__` as you've indicated in the comment above, or does it need to be formatted as a hyperlink/external link?

. In the *Persistent storage size* section, specify a new size in gibibytes or mebibytes.
. Optional: If you want to connect the cluster storage to an existing workbench:

> .. From the *Connected workbench* list, select a workbench.

Reviewer 2: I'll send you updated text for this.

Reviewer 2: Created https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHOAIENG-28836
